updates to XDMoD Tutorial (#62)
ubccr/hpc-toolset-tutorial: xdmod/README.md

are automatically installed via RPM. However, the `phantomjs` software
that Open XDMoD uses for its image export must be installed seperately.

The [`hpc-toolset-tutorial/xdmod/install.sh`](https://github.com/ubccr/hpc-toolset-tutorial/blob/master/xdmod/install.sh) script contains the step-by-step
instructions to install the packages.

Reference: [RPM Installation Guide](https://open.xdmod.org/install-rpm.html)

> 

Reviewer: Databases:
- mariadb
- MongoDB

#### What about a Heterogeneous cluster?

`xdmod-setup` is for the general use case. For some configuration you will need to edit
Open XDMoD's [Configuration](https://open.xdmod.org/configuration.html#location-of-configuration-files) files.

Resource Specs Modification:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/349249.svg)](https://asciinema.org/349249)

#### Hierarchy

Open XDMoD supports a three level hierarchy.
In this tutorial we use a University Type Hierarchy.

Decanal Unit -> Department -> PI Group

Reference: [Hierarchy Guide](https://open.xdmod.org/hierarchy.html)

#### User / PI Names
Open XDMoD has the ability to import a full names.

This has not been automated for this tutorial.

```csv
cgray,Carl,Gray
sfoster,Stephanie,Foster
csimmons,Charles,Simmons
astewart,Andrea,Stewart
hpcadmin,HPC, Administrators
```

Reference: [User/PI Names Guide](https://open.xdmod.org/user-names.html)

## Open XDMoD Job Performance
The Job Performance module is optional, but highly recommended.

![Job Performance Dataflow](./tutorial-screenshots/admin-job-performance-dataflow.png)

### Job Performance Configuration

> This tutorial uses the [Job Performance](https://supremm.xdmod.org) module for Open XDMoD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses the [Job Performance](https://supremm.xdmod.org) module for Open XDMoD. The Job Performance module displays job performance metric based on data collected on the HPC compute nodes.
```

> The main requirement being [Performance Co-Pilot (PCP)](https://pcp.io) being [instealled](https://github.com/ubccr/hpc-toolset-tutorial/blob/master/slurm/install.sh#L80-L87) and configured on the compute nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example in this tutorial uses [Performance Co-Pilot (PCP)](https://pcp.io)  as the performance data collection software. This must be [installed](https://github.com/ubccr/hpc-toolset-tutorial/blob/master/slurm/install.sh#L80-L87) and configured on the compute nodes.
```

> This tutorial uses a cut-down list of metrics from the recommened list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses a cut-down list of PCP metrics from the recommended metrics for a production HPC system.
```

This shorter list is suitable for running inside the docker demo. On a
real HPC system the data collection should be setup following the
[PCP Data collection](https://supremm.xdmod.org/supremm-compute-pcp.html#configuration-templates) guide

The file used in this demo can be viewed here: https://github.com/ubccr/hpc-toolset-tutorial/blob/master/slurm/pmlogger-supremm.config#L56-L59

> 

Reviewer: VERY IMPORTANT - Don't start the configuration of the Job Performance module until there is job data ingested into Open XDMoD. The Job performance setup relies on the accounting data from the Jobs realm in Open XDMoD.

- Paths to installed dependencies (phantomjs):  `detected defaults`
- MySQL connection information
    - Host: `mysql`
    - Port: `3306`
    - Admin Username: `root`
    - Admin Password: ` leave blank `
    - DB Username: `xdmodapp`
    - DB Password: `ofbatgorWep0`

### Basic Configuration
Open XDMoD provides an interactive configuration script that performs the
database initialization and generates configuration files. This script
handles the basic setup.

The [`hpc-toolset-tutorial/xdmod/entrypoint.sh`](https://github.com/ubccr/hpc-toolset-tutorial/blob/master/xdmod/entrypoint.sh) script automates this process.

Reference: [Configuration Guide](https://open.xdmod.org/configuration.html)

The following asciinema recordings are how an administrator would do perform these actions:

General Setup:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/349236.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/349236)

Database Setup:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/349237.svg)](https://asciinema.org/349237)

Organization Setup:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/349238.svg)](https://asciinema.org/349238)

Resource Setup:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/349240.svg)](https://asciinema.org/349240)

> #### What about a Heterogeneous cluster?

Reviewer: Not sure this needs a dedicated heading. Esp since this question is not actually answered here.

Author: well it is in that I modify the resource specs file... but point taken.

The `xdmod-setup` script is used for the basic setup of Open XDMoD. The script includes options to configure the Open XDMoD database, setup the admin user account and configure resources.
Open XDMoD's [Configuration](https://open.xdmod.org/configuration.html#location-of-configuration-files) files.

Resource Specs Modification:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/349249.svg)](https://asciinema.org/349249)

#### Hierarchy

Open XDMoD supports a three level hierarchy.

> In this tutorial we use a University Type Hierarchy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial we use a hierarchy configuration that is typical of the organizational structure in a University.
```

Decanal Unit -> Department -> PI Group

Reference: [Hierarchy Guide](https://open.xdmod.org/hierarchy.html)

#### User / PI Names

> Open XDMoD has the ability to import a full names.  If full names are not imported, usernames are used.

Reviewer: The resource manager logs contain the system username of the user that submitted each job. To display the full names in Open XDMoD you must provide a data file that contains the full name of each user for each system username. This file is in a `csv` format.

Optionally:

- An image file containing the HPC center logo
    - The width HPC center logo

Also the following technical information:

- The public url of Open XDMoD
- Paths to installed dependencies (phantomjs)
- MySQL connection information
    - Host
    - Port
    - Admin Username
    - Admin Password
    - DB Username
    - DB Password

### Prerequisites used in this Tutorial

- Name of the organization: `Tutorial` abbreviation: `hpcts`
- information for each HPC resource
    - Name: `hpc`
    - Number of compute nodes: `2`
    - Number of cores: `2`
    - Timezone: `UTC`
    - Whether it runs shared jobs: `no`
- An image file containing the HPC center logo: `/srv/xdmod/small-logo.png`
    - The width HPC center logo: `354`
- The public url of Open XDMoD:  `https://localhost:4443`
- Paths to installed dependencies (phantomjs):  `detected defaults`
- MySQL connection information
    - Host: `mysql`
    - Port: `3306`
    - Admin Username: `root`
    - Admin Password: ` leave blank `
    - DB Username: `xdmodapp`

>     - DB Password: `ofbatgorWep0`

Reviewer: If you are installing the Job Performance module (as we are in this tutorial) you also need the access credentials for the MongoDB database

Reference: [Hierarchy Guide](https://open.xdmod.org/hierarchy.html)

#### User / PI Names

The resource manager logs contain the system usernames of the users that submitted jobs.
To display the full names in Open XDMoD you must provide a data file that contains the 
full name of each user for each system username. This file is in a `csv` format.

![Group By User(names not importe)](./tutorial-screenshots/usernames.png)

This has not been automated for this tutorial. We dont want you to fall asleep!

Create a file with the contents below:

The file needs to be able to be read by the `xdmod` user, for this demo it will be
created in /var/tmp

```bash
vim /var/tmp/names.csv
```

The first column should include the user name or group name used by your resource manager, the second column is the user’s first name and the third column is the user’s last name.
(Feel free to change the First and Last names)

```csv
cgray,Carl,Gray
sfoster,Stephanie,Foster
csimmons,Charles,Simmons
astewart,Andrea,Stewart
hpcadmin,HPC, Administrators
```

Now this needs to be imported into xdmod with the command [`xdmod-import-csv`](https://open.xdmod.org/commands.html#xdmod-import-csv)

```bash

> sudo su - xdmod xdmod-import-csv -t names -i /var/tmp/names.csv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo -u xdmod xdmod-import-csv -t names -i /var/tmp/names.csv
```

```

![Group By User](./tutorial-screenshots/fullnames.png)

Reference: [User/PI Names Guide](https://open.xdmod.org/user-names.html)

xdmod-import-csv -t names:
[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/349325.svg)](https://asciinema.org/349325)

## Open XDMoD Job Performance
The Job Performance module is optional, but highly recommended.

![Job Performance Dataflow](./tutorial-screenshots/admin-job-performance-dataflow.png)

### Job Performance Configuration

> This tutorial uses the [Job Performance](https://supremm.xdmod.org) module for Open XDMoD. The Job Performance module displays job performance metric based on data collected on the HPC compute nodes.

Reviewer: Job Performance data  - for the Open source release we'll try to provide support for PCP. We chose PCP because it is included by default in Centos / RedHat.

In XSEDE we use tacc_stats and PCP (depending on the resource provider). and we have also used LDMS, Cray RUR and are award of groups using Ganglia too.
